# Reading Notes - 301 - Class 05

<br>

## React Docs - Thinking in React

**What is the single responsibility principle and how does it apply to components?**

- The component should only do one thing. This applies to components because they themselves should only be performing one specific thing, for example: One component sends back a list of items, the other component handles checking the items out of a shopping cart. A component should not be doing both of those itself 

**What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?**

- A version of code for your application that requires no interactivity by the user, it only renders the model and data

**Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?**

- You need to add representation of the UI State. You need to no repeat yourself or unessassary code. Only include the minimum that is needed to perform the tasks of your app

**What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?**

- Is it passed from a parrent via props?
- Does it remain unchanged overtime?
- Can you compute it based on another state?

**How can you identify where state needs to live?**

- You can identify where your state should live by thinking about the flow of data, the common owner or something higher than it shoul dbe the place where the state lives.

<br>

## Higher-Order Functions

What is a “higher-order function”?

- A function that takes another function as an argument

Explore the greaterThan function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?

- I can't answer this question specifically because the link to the site is not working properly

Explain how either map or reduce operates, with regards to higher-order functions.

- Using map(), for example, we provide it a function as its only argument, which is then applied to every element in the array

<br>

## Things I want to know more about
