# Reading Notes Class 02

<br>

## An introduction to NodeJS and Express

**Explain middleware, answer as though I were a non-technical recruiter.**

- Middleware is basically like the mail service. You request a new item to be sent to your house since the one you received is broken, the company then responds by sending the product, and in the middle you have the mail carrier handling all the transaction movements.

**Express the most popular __ __ ____.**

- "Node web framework".

**Express is “unopinionated.” What does that mean?**

- These frameworks have way less restrictions on how to put components together, it also doesn'trestrict the components the dev chooses to use either.

**What is a module and why is modularity useful to us as developers?**

- It's a JavaScript library/file that is used to import pre-made code using Node's function. It's very useful as pre-written code can help developers create new code and programs a lot faster and easier.

<br>

## What is NPM?

**What version of npm are you running on your machine?**

- 8.19.1

**What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’ into your node project?**

- <code>npm --version</code>

<br>

## What is TDD?

**Explain why tests are important. Please explain as though I were your non technical elder.**

- Tests are very important because it helps devs test their code while theyre building it, making it easier to debugg along the way. Imagine a company building a car a putting an airbag in, most likely, that company would test that airbag to make sure it works before installing it. Then, there are additional tests everytime you start your car to make sure the airbag is working properly.

**What are three expected benefits of testing.**

- Significant reductions in defect rates.

- Though not confirmed, many believe TDD leads to improved code design.

- Higher overhead costs in the begining are offset by reduced effort in final phases.

**Name at lest 2 individual pitfalls and at least 2 team pitfalls commonly encountered while writing tests.**

- #### Individual

  - Forgetting to run tests frequently

  - Writing too many tests at once

- #### Team

  - Partial adoption by the team

  - Poor maintenance of the test suite

<br>

## CI/CD

**What are three benefits of Continuous Integration?**

- Catching bugs.

- Reduce merge conflicts.

- Easier intergrading changes.

**What is the difference between Continuos Delivery and Continuous Deployment?**

- #### Delivery

  - Developed to release at any time.


- #### Deployment

  - Deploys new features immediately.


**Explain how GitHub fits into this process assuming the listener comes from a non-technical background.**

- Github is the center that helps decide where the new code will go, for example the developement branch or the actual deployed application. Github is used as a traffic controller, it helps the flow of code reach the proper destination.

<br>

## Things I want to know more about
