# Reading Notes Class 04

<br>

## nosql vs sql

**What type of database is the best fit for the complex query intensive environment?**

- SQL databases.

**What type of database is the best fit for hierarchical data storage?**

- NoSQL databases.

**Describe the differences in scalability between a SQl and NoSQL database as though you were speaking to a non-technical friend.**

- #### SQL scalability

  - These scale vertically, think of a skyscraper of data.
 
- #### NoSQL scalability

  -  These scale horizontally, think of this as a really long train of data. 

<br>

## sql modeling techniques

**Among data tables, what is a one-to-many relationship and how do we “relate” them?**

- An entry in one table can be related to more than one entry in another, you connect lines to relate them.

**Prior to designing your relational database, it might be useful to ___ a ___ of the database tables and their relationships.**

- Create a diagram.

**Explain the difference between a primary and foreign key.**

- #### Primary

  - Uniquely identified to each row of a table.
 
- #### Foriegn

  -  Column, or columns, which math a primary key to another table.

<br>

## sql vs nosql

**How do we treat keywords and parameters differently in SQL syntax?**

- Keywords and parameters are recogonized along all the objects.

**Define normalization within the context of schemas and data.**

- The data being fetched must be brought into a format that fits ino that specific table or tables.

**Explain the difference between one-to-one, one-to-many, and many-to-many relationships to a non-technical recruiter.**

- #### One-to-one

  - This item belongs to a spot on another table.

- #### One-to-many

  - This item belongs to many spots on another table.

- #### Many-to-many

  - Many items belong to many spots on another table.

<br>

## Things I want to know more about
