# Reading Notes Class 08

<br>

## 5 steps to RBAC

**What is Role Based Access Control (RBAC) and why do we care?**

- It's the idea of assigning system access to users based on their roles. Easy to audit user rights and correct issues, system rights in general become more systematic aas well.

**Describe a Role/Permission heirarchy that you might implement using RBAC.**

- Base level, which would include read access only, internet access, and email.
- Service level, everything base level has plus write access and access to certain files or data.
- Admin level, everything the other two levels had plus administrative privilages that give them control over everything.

**What approach might you take to implement RBAC?**

- Inventory systems
- Analyze workforce
- Assign roles to personnel
- Don't make one-off changes
- Audit

<br>

## wiki - RBAC

**If Authentication is “you are who you say you are,” what is Authorization?**

- While authentication verifies that that particular user is granted access, authorization then determines what type of information that user has access too once access is granted.

**Name three primary rules defined for RBAC.**

- Role assignment
- Role authorization
- Permission authorization

**Describe RBAC to a non-technical friend.**

- It's like any regular job, you have a position at a job and you can and can't do certain things, then a supervisor probably has more access than yourself and can also change some of your access. They then also probably have a manager as well, and the cycle continues until you hit the highest point of access (usually a CEO/owner).

<br>

## RBAC tutorial

**What Are access rights Associated with? The User? or The Role? Explain.**

- The access rights are applied to the role, since potentially you may want aybody with that role to have the same rights. Then that role is assigned to a user, that user inherites the rights of that role until removed or changed.

**Access Rights, or Authorization, is activated after a user successfully does what?**

- Authenticates themselves 

**Explain how RBAC might benefit a business.**

- It can add structure to a buisness, it keeps everything in hierarchy levels. If a buisness gave ever single person, including people not properly trained, access to everything then that could possibly be detrimental to said buisness. 

<br>

## Things I want to know more about
