# Reading Notes Class 03

<br>

## Review: ES6 Classes

**Classes are a template for creating ____.**

- Objects.

**Can a class declaration be hoisted?**

- No.

**How would you describe a constructor and contextual “this” to a non-technical friend?**

- It's the overall structure of the object being created.

<br>

## Using Express Routing

**Within Express, what does routing refer to?**

- How an application's endpoints respond to client requests.

**What is the difference between a route path and a route method?**

- #### Method 

  - Derived from one of the HTTP methods, attached to the instance of the express class.

- #### Path

  - Define the endpoints at which requests can be made, they can be strings, string patterns, or regular expressions.

**When is it appropriate to add next as a parameter to a route handler and what must you do if next has been passed to your middleware as a parameter?**

- When you have multiple callback functions that can handle the route, you must specify the next object being called.

<br>

## Express Routing

**What is an Express Router?**

- It's a miniature express application without all the extras of an express application, only routes stuff.

**By what mean do we initialize express.Router() in an express server?**

- You have to set up the router, which is usually saved in your server.js, which sets up the routes to be called and used.

**What do we use route middleware for?**

- You can use it to check things in the middle of your routes, for example, seeing if a user is still logged in before continuing to the next part of the code.

<br>

## Things I want to know more about 
