# Reading Notes Class 16

<br>

## AWS EC2

**What is an EC2 Instance?**

- It's a virtual server(s) operated and maintained by Amazon AWS services.

**Name 2 use cases for EC2.**

- Networking applications dealing with dynamic cloud computer services
- Applications that take a while to bootstrap and persist into a RAM state

**Provide 1 reason to use ECS instead of Heroku.**

- Herkou is known for large price jumps between resource tiers while AWS only charges you for the data you use.

<br>

## EC2 For Humans

**Where can we find EC2 on the AWS Console?**

- You can search it, but it's under the Compute section under "All services".

**Explain the general difference between T2 Micro and XL.**

- The amount of vCPU and RAM (Gib) that you recieve.

**Explain a “Compute Cycle” to a non-technical friend.**

- It's where a single instruction is executed. For example: imagine someone gives you a set of instructions, everytime you complete the task or one of those instructions that is considered one compute.

<br>

## Elastic Beanstalk

**What is Elastic Beanstalk?**

- It's a service that helps deploy and scale web applications and services. It automatically handles capacity provisioning, load balancing, and auto-scaling for app health monitoring.

**Describe the relationship between EC2 and Elastic Beanstalk.**

- Elastic Beanstalk is a layer of abstraction from EC2. Beanstalk sets up the environment that can contain a number of EC2 instances.

**Name some benefits of using Elastic Beanstalk.**

- Fast and easy to deploy
- Scalable (automatically)
- Complete infastructure control

<br>

## Things I want to know more about
